Docs Originality Update - Batch #2 (#282)
dragonflydb/documentation: docs/command-reference/strings/get.md

This is one of the fundamental commands for interacting with string data types and serves as the counterpart to the `SET` command.
It is widely used in caching layers, configuration storage, and other situations where key-value data access is needed.

## Syntax

```shell
GET key
```

## Parameter Explanations

- `key`: The key whose associated value will be retrieved. If the key holds a value other than a string, an error is returned.

## Return Values

- If the key exists, `GET` returns the value associated with it as a string.
- If the key does not exist, `nil` is returned.

## Code Examples

### Basic Example

Retrieve the value of a key:

```shell
dragonfly> SET mykey "Hello, Dragonfly!"
OK
dragonfly> GET mykey
"Hello, Dragonfly!"
```

### Non-Existent Key

If the key does not exist, `GET` will return `nil`:

```shell
dragonfly> GET non_existent_key
(nil)
```

### Overwriting a Key

Setting and then retrieving the updated value of a key:

```shell
dragonfly> SET counter "5"
OK
dragonfly> GET counter
"5"
dragonfly> SET counter "10"
OK
dragonfly> GET counter
"10"
```

### Storing JSON-like Data

> Since Dragonfly, Redis, and Valkey store data as strings, you can store JSON-encoded values to model more complex data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Dragonfly, Redis, or Valkey, the string data type is binary-safe.
This means that you can store ASCII strings, unicode strings, or even binary data like an image using the string data type.
For instance, you can store JSON-encoded values to model more complex and structured data:
```

```shell
dragonfly> SET user:1001 '{"name": "Alice", "age": 30, "country": "Wonderland"}'
OK
dragonfly> GET user:1001

> '{"name": "Alice", "age": 30, "country": "Wonderland"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"{\"name\": \"Alice\", \"age\": 30, \"country\": \"Wonderland\"}"
```
